docs: Clearer instructions for  getting-started/start-a-project (#597)
Agoric/documentation: main/getting-started/start-a-project.md

agoric open --repl
```

This should automatically open [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000)
in a new browser window or tab.

## Use the Dapp to collect your (simulated) tokens

> Use the wallet to grant the Dapp's request to connect. See also the [wallet UI](/guides/wallet/ui.html#wallet-ui) section.

Reviewer: The ci bot reminds me:

```suggestion
Use the wallet to grant the Dapp's request to connect. See also the [wallet UI](/guides/wallet/ui.md#wallet-ui) section.
```

Author: CI is a great tool! 👍

> Use the wallet to grant the Dapp's request to connect. See also the [wallet UI] (/guides/wallet/ui.html#wallet-ui) section.

Reviewer: oops: extra space

```suggestion
Use the wallet to grant the Dapp's request to connect. See also the [wallet UI](/guides/wallet/ui.html#wallet-ui) section.
```

agoric open --repl
```

This should automatically open [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000)
in a new browser window or tab.

## Use the Dapp to collect your (simulated) tokens

> Use the wallet to grant the Dapp's request to connect. For more information about the wallet UI see
> [https://agoric.com/documentation/guides/wallet/ui.html#wallet-ui](https://agoric.com/documentation/guides/wallet/ui.html#wallet-ui)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the wallet to grant the Dapp's request to connect. See also the [wallet UI] (/guides/wallet/ui.html#wallet-ui) section.
```
